feat(js): Add documentation for new `ContextLines` integration (#7564)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/configuration/contextlines/javascript.mdx

<SignInNote />

```javascript {tabTitle: ESM}
import * as Sentry from "@sentry/browser";
import { ContextLines } from "@sentry/integrations";

Sentry.init({
  dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___",
  integrations: [
    new ContextLines({
      // The number of lines to collect around each stack frame's line number
      // Defaults to 7
      frameContextLines: 7,
    }),
  ],
});
```

```html {tabTitle: Loader}
<script
  src="https://js.sentry-cdn.com/___PUBLIC_KEY___.min.js"
  crossorigin="anonymous"
></script>
<script
  src="https://browser.sentry-cdn.com/{{@inject packages.version('sentry.javascript.browser') }}/contextlines.min.js"
  integrity="sha384-{{@inject packages.checksum('sentry.javascript.browser', 'contextlines.min.js', 'sha384-base64') }}"
  crossorigin="anonymous"
></script>

<script>
  Sentry.onLoad(function () {
    Sentry.init({
      integrations: [
        new Sentry.Integrations.ContextLines({

>           // The number of lines to collect around each stack frame's line number

Author: ```suggestion
          // The number of lines to collect before and after each stack frame's line number
```
